pkgtxt2db
Frederic Galusik
%%mtime(%m/%d/%Y)

%!target: man
%!encoding: utf-8

= NAME =

pkgtxt2db - A Python utility to convert the Slackware PACKAGES.TXT to a database.

Are supported: CSV, JSON, XML


= SYNOPSIS =

**pkgtxt2db** [//OPTIONS//]


= DESCRIPTION =

**Pkgtxt2db** is a tool for automatically convert PACKAGES.TXT from this plain text format to a database one like CSV, JSON, XML.


= GENERAL OPTIONS =

: **-h**, **--help**
Simple help


: **--version**
Print pkgtxt2db version


: **-u**, **--update**
It will fetch and download a new PACKAGES.TXT from your choosen repository.


: **-t**, **--target**
Choose between slackware or salix repositories.


: **--repo**
Choose the arch repository, it can be i486 or x86_64.


: **-r**, **--release**
Choose the slackware or salix release.
It can be: current (if exist), 14.0, 13.37, ..., 13.0.


: **-e**, **--expa**
Choose between the patches or extra Slackware repository.


: **-c**, **--convert**
Choose your database format, it can be:
- csv : Convert PACKAGES.TXT to a CSV database.
- json: Convert PACKAGES.TXT to a JSON database.
- xml : Convert PACKAGES.TXT to a XML database.


: **-o**, **--output**
Choose the name of the output file.
If none is choosen, //packages// will be used.


= COMMAND LINE USAGE =
Here are some usages examples.


: **pkgtxt2db -u -t slackware --repo x86_64 -r 14.0 -c json -o slack64.json**
It will fetch and convert PACKAGES.TXT from the Slackware current x86_64
repository to a JSON database: //salix64.json//.


: **pkgtxt2db -c csv**
It will convert the PACKAGES.TXT found in your directory to a CSV 
database (; separated): //packages.csv//.
You can open it with libreoffice ;)


= WEBSITE =

http://www.salixos.org/wiki/index.php/Pkgtxt2db


= AUTHOR =

Pkgtxt2db was written by Frederic Galusik <fredg~at~salixos~dot~org>
